the queen is so close to achieving
success within days of the battle her
young fertile offspring have begun to
spin their caps but at this triumphant
moment something is wrong her own
fertility has failed and she no longer
produces the pheromones which have kept
her aggressive warriors subjugated
her workers sense her impotence
her faithful warriors her very own
daughters rise up against her
[Music]
she is killed
in this power vacuum the nest descends
into anarchy
the workers turn on their own larvae and
fight amongst themselves
[Music]
the nest floor is covered with the death
and decay of a fallen Empire
but the dead Queens life has not been in
vain
from the ruins of the empire new lives
emerge
[Music]
first males and their new Queens burst
forth from their selves
[Music]
and a different kind of battle begins
males fight for the right to mate
[Music]
the Queen's will only mate once before
escaping and everyone that does carries
the old Queens bloodline like her they
will have many challenges to overcome
but their mother was strong so they will
have a fighting chance
[Music]